README.md, before:

*Copyright Bitcoin, Litecoin, DigitalCoin, Argentum Developers 2013-2016 | [Website](http://www.argentum.io)*

**Argentum** is the Latin name for the element silver. It is the perfect name to represent this currency and the potential it has with a dedicated development team. Argentum is **fast, unique, and secure**. We have learned from many of the past crypto-currencies and created one that can rival any. Argentum brings innovation and experimentation that **pushes the limits**.

## Important information:
We have a new website; https://www.argentum.io 
We are using a new repo; https://www.github.com/argentumproject/argentum 

###RELEASES - https://github.com/argentumproject/argentum/releases

###Electrum - https://github.com/argentumproject/electrum-arg/releases

###Electrum Server - https://github.com/argentumproject/electrum-arg-server

## Version 2.4.3
- Add checkpoint block
- Change minimum peer version to 2.4.1

## Version 2.4.2
- Change protocol version to 1050000

## Version 2.4.1
- Disconnect obsolete peers

## Version 2.4 release; September 18, 2016
- Changes max sequential blocks found per algorithm from 3 to 6
- Fork height set at Block # 2,032,000

Specifications

## General
- Scrypt & SHA256D
- AUXPOW merge mine capability
- Optimized client

## Blocks
- Block size 10mb
- Signature operations per block maximum 100k
- 45 Second block time
- 3 Argentums per block

The first two features are on the bitcoin hardfork wishlist. We wanted to create the **first** cryptographic currency with almost unlimited scalability. The signature operations per block were not increased as much as block size because it is unnecessary and theoretically unreachable as is.

## Difficulty
- Block 1930000 new Multi-algorithm difficulty adjustment based on Digispeed.

## Currency Creation
- 64 million total ARG. 
> Once this limit is reached, it is increased by 1.1% annually, the rate of human population growth.

## Security
- Mined blocks mature after 30 confirms
- Argentum is a fast currency but it does not compromise the safety of the blockchain in the process.

## Ports
Listen Port: 13580

RPC Port: 13581

## Mining Settings
Use this to set the algorithm to SHA256D for mining (default is scrypt)  

algo=sha256d

##Nodes
Add these nodes

addnode=149.210.234.234  
addnode=157.161.128.63  
addnode=167.160.36.126  
addnode=192.99.35.133  
addnode=52.50.240.238  
addnode=54.246.128.222  
addnode=96.236.219.30  
addnode=82.29.4.122  
addnode=92.3.44.10  
addnode=92.3.34.12  
addnode=52.58.50.77  
addnode=220.178.235.214  
addnode=82.176.15.155  
addnode=82.29.4.122  
addnode=144.76.71.141  
addnode=87.98.185.244  
addnode=98.115.147.74  
addnode=162.255.117.105  
addnode=69.197.177.18  
addnode=74.111.112.108  
addnode=104.200.153.94  
addnode=46.105.63.132  
addnode=87.98.185.244  
addnode=92.3.46.14  

# Installing libdb5.1 onto a system with libdb4.8 already installed. (For building from source)
From https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1432608.msg15382962#msg15382962  

> BITCOIN_ROOT=$(pwd)  

- Pick some path to install BDB to, here we create a directory within the argentum directory
> BITCOIN_ROOT=$(pwd)  
> BDB_PREFIX="${BITCOIN_ROOT}/db5"  
> mkdir -p $BDB_PREFIX

- Fetch the source and verify that it is not tampered with
> wget 'http://download.oracle.com/berkeley-db/db-5.1.29.NC.tar.gz'  
> echo '08238e59736d1aacdd47cfb8e68684c695516c37f4fbe1b8267dde58dc3a576c  db-5.1.29.NC.tar.gz' | sha256sum -c db-5.1.29.NC.tar.gz: OK   
> tar -xzvf db-5.1.29.NC.tar.gz

- Build the library and install to our prefix
> cd db-5.1.29.NC/build_unix/  
- Note: Do a static build so that it can be embedded into the exectuable, instead of having to find a .so at runtime
> ../dist/configure --enable-cxx --disable-shared --with-pic --prefix=$BDB_PREFIX  
> make install

- Configure Argentum Core to use our own-built instance of BDB
> cd $BITCOIN_ROOT  
> ./autogen.sh  
> ./configure LDFLAGS="-L${BDB_PREFIX}/lib/" CPPFLAGS="-I${BDB_PREFIX}/include/"  
> make

## Donation Addresses
Please Donate a little to the cause!
> ARG Donation Address: ATM1imaiPtFT5K8F2tsPh4RSpw7ADk9a8G

> BTC Donation Address: 1LxXw9CRunb5mJfa99aTWQMCqmbroVBUxi

Commit message:

v2.4.4 dust and fee changes
see readme.md

README.md, after:

*Copyright Bitcoin, Litecoin, DigitalCoin, Argentum Developers 2013-2016 | [Website](http://www.argentum.io)*

**Argentum** is the Latin name for the element silver. It is the perfect name to represent this currency and the potential it has with a dedicated development team. Argentum is **fast, unique, and secure**. We have learned from many of the past crypto-currencies and created one that can rival any. Argentum brings innovation and experimentation that **pushes the limits**.

## Important information:
We have a new website; https://www.argentum.io 
We are using a new repo; https://www.github.com/argentumproject/argentum 

###RELEASES - https://github.com/argentumproject/argentum/releases

###Electrum - https://github.com/argentumproject/electrum-arg/releases

###Electrum Server - https://github.com/argentumproject/electrum-arg-server

## Version 2.4.4
-Minimum transaction fee and minimum relay transaction fee from 0.00500000 to 0.00050000 
-Bring the dust limit in line with Bitcoin and most cryptocurrencies. With a relay transaction fee of 0.00050000 the dust limit is 0.00027300; anything less than that and the transaction will be rejected. 
-Change the dust soft limit to 0.00050000. Any amount of ARG less than 0.00050000 will incur an additional fee of 0.00050000. 

## Version 2.4.3
- Add checkpoint block
- Change minimum peer version to 2.4.1

## Version 2.4.2
- Change protocol version to 1050000

## Version 2.4.1
- Disconnect obsolete peers

## Version 2.4 release; September 18, 2016
- Changes max sequential blocks found per algorithm from 3 to 6
- Fork height set at Block # 2,032,000

Specifications

## General
- Scrypt & SHA256D
- AUXPOW merge mine capability
- Optimized client

## Blocks
- Block size 10mb
- Signature operations per block maximum 100k
- 45 Second block time
- 3 Argentums per block

The first two features are on the bitcoin hardfork wishlist. We wanted to create the **first** cryptographic currency with almost unlimited scalability. The signature operations per block were not increased as much as block size because it is unnecessary and theoretically unreachable as is.

## Difficulty
- Block 1930000 new Multi-algorithm difficulty adjustment based on Digispeed.

## Currency Creation
- 64 million total ARG. 
> Once this limit is reached, it is increased by 1.1% annually, the rate of human population growth.

## Security
- Mined blocks mature after 30 confirms
- Argentum is a fast currency but it does not compromise the safety of the blockchain in the process.

## Ports
Listen Port: 13580

RPC Port: 13581

## Mining Settings
Use this to set the algorithm to SHA256D for mining (default is scrypt)  

algo=sha256d

##Nodes
Add these nodes

addnode=149.210.234.234  
addnode=157.161.128.63  
addnode=167.160.36.126  
addnode=192.99.35.133  
addnode=52.50.240.238  
addnode=54.246.128.222  
addnode=96.236.219.30  
addnode=82.29.4.122  
addnode=92.3.44.10  
addnode=92.3.34.12  
addnode=52.58.50.77  
addnode=220.178.235.214  
addnode=82.176.15.155  
addnode=82.29.4.122  
addnode=144.76.71.141  
addnode=87.98.185.244  
addnode=98.115.147.74  
addnode=162.255.117.105  
addnode=69.197.177.18  
addnode=74.111.112.108  
addnode=104.200.153.94  
addnode=46.105.63.132  
addnode=87.98.185.244  
addnode=92.3.46.14  

# Installing libdb5.1 onto a system with libdb4.8 already installed. (For building from source)
From https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1432608.msg15382962#msg15382962  

> BITCOIN_ROOT=$(pwd)  

- Pick some path to install BDB to, here we create a directory within the argentum directory
> BITCOIN_ROOT=$(pwd)  
> BDB_PREFIX="${BITCOIN_ROOT}/db5"  
> mkdir -p $BDB_PREFIX

- Fetch the source and verify that it is not tampered with
> wget 'http://download.oracle.com/berkeley-db/db-5.1.29.NC.tar.gz'  
> echo '08238e59736d1aacdd47cfb8e68684c695516c37f4fbe1b8267dde58dc3a576c  db-5.1.29.NC.tar.gz' | sha256sum -c db-5.1.29.NC.tar.gz: OK   
> tar -xzvf db-5.1.29.NC.tar.gz

- Build the library and install to our prefix
> cd db-5.1.29.NC/build_unix/  
- Note: Do a static build so that it can be embedded into the exectuable, instead of having to find a .so at runtime
> ../dist/configure --enable-cxx --disable-shared --with-pic --prefix=$BDB_PREFIX  
> make install

- Configure Argentum Core to use our own-built instance of BDB
> cd $BITCOIN_ROOT  
> ./autogen.sh  
> ./configure LDFLAGS="-L${BDB_PREFIX}/lib/" CPPFLAGS="-I${BDB_PREFIX}/include/"  
> make

## Donation Addresses
Please Donate a little to the cause!
> ARG Donation Address: ATM1imaiPtFT5K8F2tsPh4RSpw7ADk9a8G

> BTC Donation Address: 1LxXw9CRunb5mJfa99aTWQMCqmbroVBUxi
